need to decide:
	opinion gain
		1. Before or after losing followers?
		2. Flat amount or changes depending on their current value?	
		3. what happens if opinion of both sides are the same?

		Tom:
		I assume this is when red team does some sort of propagander? 
		I think certainity is correlated to opinon. Since if they agree to not vote it means they have a better opinon of Red and vice verser

		1. Maybe something to update after each round. Because Blue and Grey can influence the greens certainity 
		
		2. We are to choose how this works. I think the more green that are certain they wont vote will give red a good opinon and vise verser

		3. I think this is an edge case and is very unlikely to happen. But in games you can draw, or we can just roll a dice. Defitnaly something to consider


	
	opinion lost:
		when will this happen?

		Tom:
		Same as above
		

	how much followers/energy lost
		what type of followers lost? only people who dont agree? or lower chance of people who dont agree 
			(currently its just anyone randomly)

		Tom:
		The most intuitive resaoning for me is, if they are extremely certain they will vote.

	Blue agent: 
		do they affect everyones opinions? or just people who agree with them more?

		Tom:
		I think this question was qasked on help forum. 

	
	NetworkX alternative to get real time view of connections?
	Tom:
		I've add made a branch that updates the graph in real time.
		Right now its very crude and I just quickly added it to show a proof of concept

		We can use networkx to get real time data. Networkx uses matplotlib to show the graph.

		Leave this with me and I'll implement it.
		
		Recall Cits3003 Graphics and animation
		
		Basically we need to:
		- Ensure matplotlib doesnt block the program
		- clear the display
		- update the information in the graph
		- reload the display

		Adding:
		- plot.clf()
		- will clear the screen

		- nx.draw()
		- will update the display

		- plt.show(block=False)
		- will make sure matplotlib doesnt block
		
		
		
		